okay this is my view on my vans chukka
lows these are the black leather ones
yeah they're a vulcanization like a team
shoe that um the vans did the whole
chuckle of like tension spy by team it's
a welcome issue has lots of bored field
p84 flick through the wall like because
I pointier so you and your flip tricks
right off stuff I'm black all right
thank you they flip really good one of
the main reasons why I like them all mix
all one piece toe cap so it doesn't rip
like it doesn't like have any seems to
it may be the only thing that with
rippers like this see that's prize for
my little something from the lace is
great you got some kick flips or stuff
like that and the leather faded away
from the grip tape there's nothing like
black leather I'm a 30 difference these
are this with the shame on mine my right
shoe because I'm regular yeah this is
the one that I then let's get that much
it's a cool shoes just like what around
to them just skate yeah it's a really
comfortable shoe to have this in so it's
really comfortable it's like it is like
Java and it's really comfortable really
um look uh yes
they came with two pairs of laces mother
releases its regular these places
brother and the Rope places like the row
places I'm not leather I mean wax um
they have a gum bottom it has the waffle
pattern whatever they call it it's
really great be at the beginning but it
kind of went away confess take a
scathing for like a month and a half i
get almost two months yeah thanks so
much have lots of water lots abortion
yeah this kind of opened and this for my
kid flips this was just from like
walking and that's pretty much it if
there's anything else I can say about
these shoes all know whether to choose i
really recommend then if you can't feel
like but they're not that cheap put
around the budget you can't really get
like good shooting the last quite timely
so my kids beazer adidas yeah she
getting so like comment subscribe
comment like subscribe anything I'll
help me get more record and I was
appreciate it and so much dick thanks
for watching